Proposals/aquaponics.md, before:

# Aquaponics Automation Software

* Authors: [Alsey Coleman Miller](https://github.com/colemancda), [Franco Cedillo](https://github.com/adagio)
* Status: **Awaiting review**
* Review manager: TBD

## Introduction

Build an open source, industrial-quality aquaponics automation system in Swift for Linux on ARM. This project will include the software written in Swift, and design of the hardware. The project will also include an iOS client for administration.

## Motivation

- The untechnified production of food lowers the quality of life and produce of farmers in rural areas.
- Rural farmers in the third world are at an disadvantage with farmers from developed countries.
- Currently-availible open source software for aquaponics is of hobbyist quality and based on the Arduino platform. This approach is not suitable for open source industrial aquaculture.

## Proposed solution

Build an open source, industrial-quality aquaponics automation system in Swift for Linux on ARM.

## Detailed design

Describe the design of the solution in detail. 

## Impact

Describe the impact that this proposal will have.

## Alternatives considered

Describe alternative approaches to addressing the same problem, and
why you chose this approach instead.

Commit message:

add solution involving farmers and developers

Proposals/aquaponics.md, after:

# Aquaponics Automation Software

* Authors: [Alsey Coleman Miller](https://github.com/colemancda), [Franco Cedillo](https://github.com/adagio)
* Status: **Awaiting review**
* Review manager: TBD

## Introduction

Build an open source, industrial-quality aquaponics automation system in Swift for Linux on ARM. This project will include the software written in Swift, and design of the hardware. The project will also include an iOS client for administration.

## Motivation

- The untechnified production of food lowers the quality of life and produce of farmers in rural areas.
- Rural farmers in the third world are at an disadvantage with farmers from developed countries.
- Currently-availible open source software for aquaponics is of hobbyist quality and based on the Arduino platform. This approach is not suitable for open source industrial aquaculture.

## Proposed solution

- Build an open source, industrial-quality aquaponics automation system in Swift for Linux on ARM.
- Produce technology apropiation by farmers. Motivate and support discussion around this solution to generate improvement by themselves and new technical challenges for technology developers.

## Detailed design

Describe the design of the solution in detail. 

## Impact

Describe the impact that this proposal will have.

## Alternatives considered

Describe alternative approaches to addressing the same problem, and
why you chose this approach instead.
